# SOP - Radiology DICOM Image QC

**Aspects of a functional abstraction**   
To master the use of a functional abstraction, it is often useful to consider its three core attributes. The domain of a function is the set of arguments it can take. The range of a function is the set of values it can return. The intent of a function is the relationship it computes between inputs and output (as well as any side effects it might generate). Understanding functional abstractions via their domain, range, and intent is critical to using them correctly in a complex program.


I am trying to design and implement an video de-identification solution through GCP environment. I am planning to use Google Cloud Video Intelligence API to handle people/face/text detection inside the given videos/mp4 data file and then pass the information to FFMEG toolset to apply the re-daction for the detected frame and then generate the redacted video output in the GCS destination cloud bucket. Since FFMEG is not a pure python lib and it required a linux command line run and installation based on specific system. I am trying to decide the best GCP server to use in order to build a massive video de-id system in a more cost-effective and scalable way. So far I am thinking of building a customized docker image with pre-installed FFMEG toolset and PyAV lib to handle the video redaction alone with cloud dataflow/Apache beam to scale out the processing pipeline. I also know the Batch service in GCP may have some similar capability to let me install and run batch processing in the VM machines. Please help me do some deep and comprehensive exporation based on your google experience and identify the best architecture and solution for me to use to support my video de-id work. The options can be more than what I provided to you (dataflow or batch) as long as it's a GCP related scalable high performant service. Please detail your architecture plan and implementation steps to me.  
